TechDocs: Support AWS S3 as TechDocs external storage (#3794)
backstage/backstage: docs/features/techdocs/using-cloud-storage.md

store the static generated documentation files.

## Configuring AWS S3 Bucket with TechDocs

Follow the
[official AWS S3 documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/latest/AWS/S3.html)
for the latest instructions on the following steps involving AWS S3.

**1. Set `techdocs.publisher.type` config in your `app-config.yaml`**

Set `techdocs.publisher.type` to `'awsS3'`.

```yaml
techdocs:
  publisher:
    type: 'awsS3'
```

**2. AWS Policies**

AWS Policies lets you **control access** to Amazon Web Services (AWS) products
and resources.  
Here we will use a user policy **and** a bucket policy to show you the different
possibilities you have but you can use only one.

<img data-zoomable src="../../assets/techdocs/aws-s3.png" alt="AWS S3" />

This is an example of how you can manage your policies:

a. Admin user creates a **bucket policy** granting a set of permissions to our
TechDocs user.

b. Admin user attaches a **user policy** to the TechDocs user granting
additional permissions.

c. TechDocs User then tries permissions granted via both the **bucket** policy
and the **user** policy.

**2.1 Creation**

**2.1.1 Create an Admin user** (if you don't have one yet)

> Create an **administrator user** `ADMIN_USER` and grant him administrator
> privileges by attaching a user policy giving him **full access**.  
> Note down the Admin User credentials and IAM User Sign-In URL as you will need
> to use this information in the next step.

Reviewer: Some language suggestions. :)
```suggestion
Create an **administrator user** account `ADMIN_USER` and grant it administrator
privileges by attaching a user policy giving the account **full access**.  
Note down the Admin User credentials and IAM User Sign-In URL as you will need
to use this information in the next step.
```

This is an example of how you can manage your policies:

a. Admin user creates a **bucket policy** granting a set of permissions to our
TechDocs user.

b. Admin user attaches a **user policy** to the TechDocs user granting
additional permissions.

c. TechDocs User then tries permissions granted via both the **bucket** policy
and the **user** policy.

**2.1 Creation**

**2.1.1 Create an Admin user** (if you don't have one yet)

Create an **administrator user** account `ADMIN_USER` and grant it administrator
privileges by attaching a user policy giving the account **full access**.  
Note down the Admin User credentials and IAM User Sign-In URL as you will need
to use this information in the next step.

**2.1.2 Create an AWS S3 Bucket**

Using the credentials of your Admin User `ADMIN_USER`, and the special IAM user
sign-in URL, create a dedicated **bucket** for TechDocs sites. techdocs-backend
will publish documentation to this bucket. TechDocs will fetch files from here
to serve documentation in Backstage.

Set the name of the bucket to `techdocs.publisher.awsS3.bucketName`.

```yaml
techdocs:
  publisher:
    type: 'awsS3'
    awsS3:
      credentials:

>         $file: '/path/to/aws_application_credentials.json'

Reviewer: This needs to be either removed or updated with `accessKeyId` and `secretAccessKey` as described below.
